docs: update use dashboards descriptions (#67360)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/use-dashboards/index.md

The dashboard user interface provides a number of features that you can use to customize the presentation of your data.

The following image and descriptions highlight all dashboard features.

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/dashboards/screenshot-dashboard-annotated-9-5-0.png" width="700px" >}}

- (1) **Grafana home**: Click **Home** in the breadcrumb to be redirected to the home page configured in the Grafana instance.
- (2) **Dashboard title**: When you click the dashboard title, you can search for dashboards contained in the current folder.

> - (3) **Share dashboard or panel**: Use this option to share the current dashboard or panel via link or snapshot. You can also export the dashboard definition from the share modal.

Reviewer: We avoid Latin words and abbreviations.

```suggestion
- (3) **Share dashboard or panel**: Use this option to share the current dashboard or panel using a link or snapshot. You can also export the dashboard definition from the share modal.
```
